Add `perform_all_later` to Active Job Guide (#2)
bhumi1102/rails: guides/source/active_job_basics.md

That's it!

### Bulk Enqueuing

> You can Enqueue multiple jobs at once using [`perform_all_later`][]. Bulk Enqueuing reduces the number of round trips to a queue data store like Redis.
> 
> `perform_all_later` is a top-level api on ActiveJob. It accepts instantiated jobs as arguments (note that this is different from `perform_later`). `perform_all_later` does call `perform` under the hood. The arguments passed to `new` will be passed on to `perform` when it's eventually called.

Reviewer: (suggestion, non-blocking): I found the order of these to be slightly confusing and took a stab at re-ordering it a bit. 

```suggestion
`perform_all_later` is a top-level api on ActiveJob that allows you to enqueue multiple jobs at once. Bulk enqueuing reduces the number of round trips to a queue data store like Redis.

`perform_all_later` accepts instantiated jobs as arguments (note that this is different from `perform_later`), and it calls  `perform` under the hood by passing the arguments from `new` to `perform`.
```

Reviewer: In addition, would be useful to say what are the benefits of enqueuing multiple jobs or why you'd want to do that?

Here is an example calling `perform_all_later` with `GuestCleanupJob` instances:

```ruby
# Create jobs to pass to `perform_all_later`. The arguments to `new` are
# passed on to `perform`
guest_cleanup_jobs = User.pluck(:id).map { |id| GuestsCleanupJob.new(guest_id: id) }

# Will enqueue a seperate job for each instance of `GuestCleanupJob`
ActiveJob.perform_all_later(guest_cleanup_jobs)
```

`perform_all_later` logs the number of jobs successfully enqueued, something like `Enqueued 3 jobs to Async (3 GuestsCleanupJob)` if it was called with `ActiveJob.perform_all_later(job1, job2, job3)`. 

> The return value of `perform_all_later` is `nil`. Note that this is different from `perform_later`. This may be enhanced to return the number of successfully enqueued job in the future, but for now it's `nil`.

Reviewer: (suggestion, non-blocking): Not sure that the last part of the sentence is needed.

```suggestion
The return value of `perform_all_later` is `nil`. Note that this is different from `perform_later`. This may be enhanced to return the number of successfully enqueued job in the future.
```

#### Enqueue Multiple ActiveJob Classes

With `perform_all_later` it's also possible to enqueue different ActiveJob class instances in the same call. For example 

```ruby
class ExportDataJob < ApplicationJob
  def perform(*args)
    # Export data
  end
end

class NotifyGuestsJob < ApplicationJob
  def perform(*guests)
    # Email guests
  end
end

# Instantiate job instances
cleanup_job = GuestsCleanupJob.new(guest)
export_job = ExportDataJob.new(data)
notify_job = NotifyGuestsJob.new(guest)

# Enqueues job instances from multiple classes at once 
ApplicationJob.perform_all_later(cleanup_job, export_job, notify_job)
```
#### Callbacks

> Note that `perform_all_later` does not trigger callbacks on the individual jobs. This is inline with other ActiveRecord bulk methods. Since callbacks run on individual jobs, they can't take advantage of the bulk nature of this method. Also there isn't a meaningful semantic for something like `around_enqueue` callback.

Reviewer: (non-blocking, suggestion): The series of short sentences threw me off a bit but maybe this could be personal preference, I'm not sure. Feel free to ignore it if you do not agree. 

```suggestion
`perform_all_later` does not trigger callbacks on the individual jobs (this behavior is in line with other ActiveRecord bulk methods). Callbacks run on individual jobs, hence they can't take advantage of the bulk nature of this method, and there isn't a meaningful semantic for something like `around_enqueue` callback.
```

I'm not sure that I fully understand this portion of the sentence `and there is not a meaningful semantic for something like `around_enqueue` callback.`

#### Queue Backend Support

> For `perform_all_later`, bulk enqueuing needs to be backed by the queue backend.

Reviewer: Maybe here we can link to the section in the guides on Backends?

```suggestion
For `perform_all_later`, bulk enqueuing needs to be backed by the [queue backend](https://edgeguides.rubyonrails.org/active_job_basics.html#backends).
```

# passed on to `perform`
guest_cleanup_jobs = User.pluck(:id).map { |id| GuestsCleanupJob.new(guest_id: id) }

# Will enqueue a seperate job for each instance of `GuestCleanupJob`
ActiveJob.perform_all_later(guest_cleanup_jobs)
```

`perform_all_later` logs the number of jobs successfully enqueued, for example if `User.pluck(:id).map` above resulted in 3 `guest_cleanup_jobs`, it would log `Enqueued 3 jobs to Async (3 GuestsCleanupJob)` (assuming all were enqueued).

The return value of `perform_all_later` is `nil`. Note that this is different from `perform_later`, which returns the instance of the queued job class.

#### Enqueue Multiple Active Job Classes

With `perform_all_later` it's also possible to enqueue different Active Job class instances in the same call. For example

```ruby
class ExportDataJob < ApplicationJob
  def perform(*args)
    # Export data
  end
end

class NotifyGuestsJob < ApplicationJob
  def perform(*guests)
    # Email guests
  end
end

# Instantiate job instances
cleanup_job = GuestsCleanupJob.new(guest)
export_job = ExportDataJob.new(data)
notify_job = NotifyGuestsJob.new(guest)

# Enqueues job instances from multiple classes at once

> ApplicationJob.perform_all_later(cleanup_job, export_job, notify_job)

Author: Thanks for catching that!

[`around_perform`]: https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveJob/Callbacks/ClassMethods.html#method-i-around_perform
[`after_perform`]: https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveJob/Callbacks/ClassMethods.html#method-i-after_perform

> Please note that When enqueueing jobs in bulk using `perform_all_later`, callbacks such as `around_enqueue`, will not be triggered on the individual jobs. See [Bulk Enqueuing Callbacks](#bulk-enqueue-callbacks).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please note that when enqueueing jobs in bulk using `perform_all_later`, callbacks such as `around_enqueue`, will not be triggered on the individual jobs. See [Bulk Enqueuing Callbacks](#bulk-enqueue-callbacks).
```

[`around_perform`]: https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveJob/Callbacks/ClassMethods.html#method-i-around_perform
[`after_perform`]: https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveJob/Callbacks/ClassMethods.html#method-i-after_perform

### Callbacks with Bulk Enqueuing

When enqueueing jobs in bulk using `perform_all_later`, callbacks such as `around_enqueue`, will not be triggered on the individual jobs.

>  However, the `perform_all_later` method does fire an [`enqueue_all.active_job`](active_support_instrumentation.html#enqueue-all-active-job) event which you can subscribe to using `ActiveSupport::Notifications`.

Reviewer 2: Nit: extra space.

```suggestion
However, the `perform_all_later` method does fire an [`enqueue_all.active_job`](active_support_instrumentation.html#enqueue-all-active-job) event which you can subscribe to using `ActiveSupport::Notifications`.
```

[`around_perform`]: https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveJob/Callbacks/ClassMethods.html#method-i-around_perform
[`after_perform`]: https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveJob/Callbacks/ClassMethods.html#method-i-after_perform

> ### Callbacks with Bulk Enqueuing

Reviewer: We have the "Callbacks" section above and the "Callbacks with Bulk Enqueuing" section here. Should they be merged into something like "Callbacks and Events" or perhaps we can keep them as two separate sections like "Callbacks" and "Events"?

When enqueueing jobs in bulk using `perform_all_later`, callbacks such as `around_enqueue`, will not be triggered on the individual jobs.

 However, the `perform_all_later` method does fire an [`enqueue_all.active_job`][] event which you can subscribe to using `ActiveSupport::Notifications`. 

> The event payload contains the adapter name, enqueued jobs count, the list of job instances, etc. `successfully_enqueued?` can be used to find out if a given job was successfully enqueued. 

Reviewer: (non-blocking, suggestion): I didn't realize that the sentence ended with etc. and sho I tried to read both these sentences as one. It felt like it impacted the readability because the new sentence did not start with a capital letter. 

```suggestion
The event payload contains the adapter name, enqueued jobs count, the list of job instances, etc. A method `successfully_enqueued?` can be used to find out if a given job was successfully enqueued. 
```

Reviewer: Maybe we can also provide a link to the `successfully_enqueued?` method?

Author: Sure. I've linked it though that api is pretty bare https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveJob/Core.html#method-i-successfully_enqueued-3F
